add new testing tool APKLab (#2177)
OWASP/owasp-mstg: Document/0x08a-Testing-Tools.md

- [APKiD: PEiD for Android Apps](https://github.com/enovella/cve-bio-enovella/blob/master/slides/bheu18-enovella-APKID.pdf)
- [APKiD: Fast Identification of AppShielding Products](https://github.com/enovella/cve-bio-enovella/blob/master/slides/APKiD-NowSecure-Connect19-enovella.pdf)

### APKLab

> [APKLab](https://github.com/APKLab/APKLab "APKLab") is a Visual Studio Code extension that can unpack APKs, decompile DEX, apply patch, and rebuild APKs.  
> Internally it uses [apktool](https://github.com/iBotPeaches/Apktool "apktool") and [jadx](https://github.com/skylot/jadx "jadx"), so you can use those features in Visual Studio Code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[APKLab](https://github.com/APKLab/APKLab "APKLab") is a convenient Visual Studio Code extension leveraging tools such as [apktool](#apktool) and [jadx](#jadx) to enable features including app unpacking, decompilation, code patching (e.g. for MITM), and repackaging straight from the IDE.
```

> In addition, APKLab provides various features such as signing APKs, MITM Patch, and more.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more information, you can refer to the following documentation.
> 
> - APKLab - <https://apklab.surendrajat.xyz/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, you can refer to [APKLab's official documentation](https://apklab.surendrajat.xyz/).
```
